[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started a
big hello from Portland Oregon this is
Pam dinner in last episode I mentioned
that I met Danny Harris at content
marketing world he's a regular listener
to my podcast Thank You Danny
I love you and we did a zoom meeting a
couple of weeks after the conference
Danny is amazing
he created several nice frameworks to
tie the customer journey marketing
channels and the sales stages together
I'm very impressed with his work thank
you so much for sharing that with me
Danny I asked him if he had any question
that he wants me to address in my
podcast
he had one fundamental question that
everybody asks hey why do we need to
invest in p2b marketing I totally
understand why he asked that question I
work with many manufacturing clients and
senior management of these company is
not too fond of marketers for the
longest time many PGP companies were
able to grow with minimal or no
marketing support at all
that was obviously before the digital
era sales make calls and close deals
with the personal visits and the phone
calls they also provided information to
help buyers make decisions however
things have changed in the past 20 years
it's no longer just sales helping buyers
make their decisions buyers are doing
their own research before contacting
sales rep in some cases
buyers know more about the products and
technologies than salespeople thanks to
the internet Google search and the
content marketing
there's loads of free content out there
that the buyers can read and consume so
here are three main reasons that you
need to invest in b2b marketing number
one you need to have a digital presence
and be searchable if people can find you
on the Internet
they'll go to your competitors the first
theme buyers do when they want to find
something is to search if you are not
searchable that means they can't find
you if they can't find you you can even
give them an opportunity to know you by
the way a website doesn't mean you are
searchable alright I want to make that
very clear a website doesn't mean you
are searchable it just means that you
have a website there are many tactics
you need to use to make yourself rank
higher organically when people search
all these type of tactics and work are
not free you need to invest in your
website and a search strategy number to
take control of how you want your buyers
to learn about your company and your
products some information may not be
correct and there may be some negative
things online about your company and the
products the best way to refute that is
to create content to show your own point
of view and your own platforms the
platform's may be your website your
YouTube channel your community but again
it's not free right you need to create
content to address those issues number
three go where your buyers go again you
can't wait for your buyers to show up
and your door or come to your website
you need to go where they go unlike in
the good old days where sales people
like to go to conferences to find
prospects because many prospects
attended events now many prospects are
online you need to know where they go
and it go there again go in there
requires money is not free it's it's
like you have to buy a ticket you know a
airplane ticket to go somewhere to go to
your final destination same thing if you
want to go where your buyers go it does
take money to do that all right
still many b2b companies are now
investing in digital marketing the only
thing I want to say is that buying
behavior is changing and you need to
change with it your sales approach needs
to change if you don't do digital
marketing you are giving your
competitors opportunities take your
customers away so the choice is yours
Danny I hope I answer your question I am
in a way a b2b company and making hefty
investments it might be to be marketing
effort and so should you again subscribe
to my Apple podcast and/or my youtube
channel to learn more about b2b
marketing so I'll talk to you again next
week have a great day
[Music]
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcast
[Music]
you